[MTM-59701] Maven in debug mode: suppress HttpClient logging (#3958)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/developing-microservice.md

$ mvn microservice:upload -Dupload.application.name=helloworld -Dupload.url=https://demos.cumulocity.com -Dupload.username=demos/username -Dupload.password=****** -Dskip.microservice.upload=false
```

> #### Using Maven in debug mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using Maven in debug mode {#using-maven-in-debug-mode}
```

> Running Maven CLI commands in debug mode (e.g., `mvn clean install --debug ...`) can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Maven CLI commands in debug mode (for example, `mvn clean install --debug ...`) may
```

generate a very large volume of HTTP-related log output, such as logs from resource downloads. 

> Analyzing this data can quickly become tedious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analyzing this data might quickly become tedious.
```

$ mvn microservice:upload -Dupload.application.name=helloworld -Dupload.url=https://demos.cumulocity.com -Dupload.username=demos/username -Dupload.password=****** -Dskip.microservice.upload=false
```

#### Using Maven in debug mode

Running Maven CLI commands in debug mode (e.g., `mvn clean install --debug ...`) can 
generate a very large volume of HTTP-related log output, such as logs from resource downloads. 
Analyzing this data can quickly become tedious.

If required, HTTP logging can be suppressed with these command line options:
```
-Dorg.slf4j.simpleLogger.log.org.apache.http=off
-Dorg.slf4j.simpleLogger.log.org.apache.http.wire=off
```

> Depending on the logging configuration, these parameter names may apply:

Reviewer 2: Could you explain a bit more what those parameters are used for? What is the difference to be previous ones?

Author: The situation is described a few lines above. Links are a few lines below.

Reviewer 2: But I don't understand what you mean. What must happen that the parameters do not apply?

Author: With a default Maven installation in version 3.9, only the first pair of parameters is effective (org.slf4j.simpleLogger.log.org.apache.http).
Maven logging can be configured to use lpg4j, logback and other frameworks. There also seems to be some change between versions 3.1 and 3.9. I think that in the context of this minor issue it is not worth to dig into history to clarify in which version with which configuration these parameters (org.slf4j.simpleLogger.log.org.apache.maven.wagon.providers.http.httpclient) apply. They are taken from the conversation in the link below and might be effective if the previous ones should not apply.

```
-Dorg.slf4j.simpleLogger.log.org.apache.maven.wagon.providers.http.httpclient=off
-Dorg.slf4j.simpleLogger.log.org.apache.maven.wagon.providers.http.httpclient.wire=off

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think it should be possible to set "ERROR" as well. Perhaps it might be helpfull to mention this as well to reduce log output!?

Author: error and warn added

> The parameters can also be added to the Maven configuration file `.../conf/logging/simplelogger.properties`

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be better to specify:
${MAVEN_HOME}/conf/logging/simplelogger.properties
So the customer has an idea where to find such file.

Should you also mention MAVEN_OPTS to set those parameters?

Author: MAVEN_OPTS and MAVEN_HOME added

Related documentation can be found in [Maven logging](https://maven.apache.org/maven-logging.html) and

> [Maven HttpClient debugging](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MNG-6181)

Reviewer 2: Not sure whether it is reasonable to link to a Maven issue!? I think it might be better to extract the reasonable information here!?

Author: The relevant information is contained in the first line of this chapter: the huge amount of HttpClient logging data. The link contains just a kind of conversation around this topic.

Reviewer 2: I don't know whether it is reasonable to have a link to a conversation. Everyone can add to that conversation which means that also wrong information might have been added. And although it is closed already the content might change perhaps!? So if you extracted the relevant information I would not use hat link. You added the link to the Maven documentation and this should be sufficient.

Author: Link to teh Maven issue is removed.
